MTV-1608: Tip on applying VMware permissions (#633)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/vmware-prerequisites.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> In the event of a power outage, data might be lost for a VM with disabled hibernation. However, if hibernation is not disabled, migration will fail.

Reviewer: Looks like you were right
```suggestion
In case of a power outage, data might be lost for a VM with disabled hibernation. However, if hibernation is not disabled, migration will fail.
```

|`Cryptographic.Decrypt` |Allows decryption of an encrypted virtual machine.
|`Cryptographic.Direct access` |Allows access to encrypted resources.
|===

[TIP]
==== 

> Create a role in VMware with the permissions described above and then apply this role to the *Inventory* section, using one of two approaches:

Reviewer 2: From IBM Style: Do not use [above or below] to indicate a relative location in a document, as in the above restrictions or the steps above. Use previous or preceding.
